they say the writing's on the wall for a
game-time call Janice and we're patches
my elbows the Lakers can suck my taint
lose on y'all but not everything is
listed on the walls of bathrooms and
there are some things that should be do
you men know that women hover over
public toilets when they pee why is this
a shock to me cuz you all be writing
about blink-182 on pub walls instead of
exposing some simple truths like women
are stronger than men yep I said look at
these faces Google right over and over
and oil it doesn't wrinkle the power is
in the leg what are the powers do the
half what else is going on we don't know
I really arm wrestling champions great
military strategists
ree animators of the day
brutal brawlers omega is just the level
of support that astonishes me even when
one of our gals just needs to be I think
you sell lady short sometimes really
really so understated and stretch I mean
for real I can't even open a job peanut
butter without calling attention maybe
we'll find out ages down the road that
all that squatting will lead through a
vagina sex talk ladies I tip my hat no
no no no I squat for which I tried doing
and I ruined my new Nikes yo that ain't
no joke kid ain't no joke it's hard
luzon yeah
I